Enhance CONTRIBUTING.md with link formatting guidelines (#80)
Calinou/awesome-gamedev: CONTRIBUTING.md

[1]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html
[2]: http://freedomdefined.org/Licenses

## Format ##

Links / tools are added *alphabetically* within their respective category. 

`[Title](ref#) - A short description. [Licence](ref#).`

> Don't use inline links. Use reference-style links. New URL's are added to the very bottom of the MD, with a sequential ID. Increase by 1 from the previous ID above it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[Title](ref#) - A short description. [License](ref#).`

Don't use inline links; use reference-style links instead. New URLs are added to the very bottom of the Markdown file, with a sequential ID. Increase by 1 from the previous ID above it. 
```
